README.md, before:

# iWear-Sales (Under Active Production)
A full stack Node.js and React.js shopping cart app.

## Live Demo
Application can be accessed live [here](https://iwear-sales.johnjhc.com/)

## Current Progress
![wv-preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57784907/84470118-7687a000-ac37-11ea-9ce1-3f94c8106081.png)
![wv-preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57784907/84560188-405d2580-acf6-11ea-8f89-39b8710a3169.gif)

## Technologies Used
- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- React
- PostgreSQL
- Node.js
- Express.js
- Fetch
- Media Queries
- Bootstrap
- APIs

## Features
- User can view list of all products
- User can view details of all products
- User can add products to their cart
- User can view their cart summary
- User can navigate to the checkout page
- User can place an order

## Upcoming Features

- User can delete the products from the cart
- User can adjust quantity of the products to add to the cart

## Preview
![wv-preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57784907/78767524-8f29c000-793f-11ea-8d00-be8fcd31f838.gif)

## Development

#### System Requirements

- Node.js 10 or higher
- NPM 6 or higher
- PostgreSQL 10 or higher

#### Getting Started

1. Clone the repository.

    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/john-jaihyek-choi/iwear-sales
    cd iwear-sales
    ```

1. Install all dependencies with NPM.

    ```shell
    npm install
    ```

1. Import the database to PostgreSQL.

    ```shell
    npm run db:import
    ```

1. Start the project. Once started you can view the application by opening http://localhost:3000 in your browser.

    ```shell
    npm run dev
    ```

Commit message:

updated read me with live link

README.md, after:

# iWear-Sales (Under Active Production)
A full stack Node.js and React.js shopping cart app.

## Live Demo
Application can be accessed live [here](https://iwear-sales.johnjhc.com/)

## Current Progress
Update of current process can be accessed live [here](https://iwear.johnjhc.com/)
![wv-preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57784907/84470118-7687a000-ac37-11ea-9ce1-3f94c8106081.png)
![wv-preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57784907/84560188-405d2580-acf6-11ea-8f89-39b8710a3169.gif)

## Technologies Used
- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- React
- PostgreSQL
- Node.js
- Express.js
- Fetch
- Media Queries
- Bootstrap
- APIs

## Features
- User can view list of all products
- User can view details of all products
- User can add products to their cart
- User can view their cart summary
- User can navigate to the checkout page
- User can place an order

## Upcoming Features

- User can delete the products from the cart
- User can adjust quantity of the products to add to the cart

## Preview
![wv-preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57784907/78767524-8f29c000-793f-11ea-8d00-be8fcd31f838.gif)

## Development

#### System Requirements

- Node.js 10 or higher
- NPM 6 or higher
- PostgreSQL 10 or higher

#### Getting Started

1. Clone the repository.

    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/john-jaihyek-choi/iwear-sales
    cd iwear-sales
    ```

1. Install all dependencies with NPM.

    ```shell
    npm install
    ```

1. Import the database to PostgreSQL.

    ```shell
    npm run db:import
    ```

1. Start the project. Once started you can view the application by opening http://localhost:3000 in your browser.

    ```shell
    npm run dev
    ```
